{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh12180\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs32 \cf0 Project Info\
You\'92re only allowed to modify the file called GameValues.csv, and the file called \'93Level1.unity.\'94 You\'92re also required to replace my old art with new art. There isn\'92t support for animations, so don\'92t worry about them. You may add the necessary code to have a title screen if you so desire. \
\
The GameValues.csv sheet is organized like:\
	Attribute Name, X Value, Y Value\
So\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 	backgroundScrollSpeed,0,-0.002\
\
Will make the background scroll down (on the y axis) slowly. You can use negative values for any number, which may have some interesting results. \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 If you accidentally misspell an attribute name, it\'92ll break the game!\ulnone  \
\
A recommended workflow would be to edit in Excel, Open Office, or Google Sheets, and then export the values by saying \'93Save CSV\'94 (or something similar). The GameValues.csv file has to be read in from the \'93Resources\'94 folder of the project. \ul If you move it, it will break!\ulnone \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 Brief overview of what some of the variables are:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}shipSpeed: X and Y speed of the player ship\
{\listtext	\'95	}shipHealth: How many hits the ship can take before dying \
{\listtext	\'95	}shipFireCooldown: The time (in seconds) between player\'92s shots\
{\listtext	\'95	}shipShotDamage: How much damage the player\'92s shot causes\
{\listtext	\'95	}shipShotGlowSpeed: How fast the player\'92s shot blinks\
{\listtext	\'95	}shipShotVelocity: Speed of the player\'92s ship\'92s shot\
{\listtext	\'95	}shipWrap: At the edge of the screen, wrap to other side (true) or bounce (false)?\
{\listtext	\'95	}shipRammingDamage: Amount of damage the player\'92s ship causes to an enemy by running into it\
{\listtext	\'95	}aeroflotProjectileVariance: Amount to randomly modify this enemy\'92s shot by. Good for creating noise in the system. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
Within the game, GameValues.csv is read in through GameManager.cs. If you\'92d like to poke through the code you may, but know that having a list of public static variables like this is not ideal. I should have used something called a HashMap or Dictionary. This method of coding will make it work, and you should be able to glance through the code and understand what\'92s going on; with a HashMap the code becomes less easy to read. \
\
You are allowed to look through any code files that are in the project, but you can\'92t change any of them. \
\
Good Luck! Have Fun!\
}